While Shopify Inc. is a Canadian company, we provide services to
individuals and our technology processes data from users around the
world. Accordingly, Shopify may transmit your personal information
outside of the country, state, or province in which you are located.
Shopify (specifically Shopify’s affiliates Shopify Data Processing
(USA) Inc., Shopify Payments (USA) Inc., and Shopify (USA) Inc.)
complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, regarding the
collection, use, and retention of personal information from data
subjects in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), and with the
Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework regarding the collection, use and
retention of personal information from data subjects in Switzerland.
In this regard, we have certified that we adhere to the Privacy
Shield Principles of notice, choice, accountability for onward
transfers, security, data integrity and purpose limitation, access,
recourse, enforcement and liability.
If you are located in the EEA or in Switzerland, and believe that
your personal information has been used in a manner that is not
consistent with the relevant privacy policies listed above, please
contact us using the information below. If your complaint or dispute
remains unresolved, you may also contact the International Centre for
Dispute Resolution®, the international division of the American
Arbitration Association® (ICDR/AAA). This organization provides
independent dispute resolution services, at no charge to you.
ICDR/AAA can be contacted at http://go.adr.org/privacyshield.html.
If, after attempting to resolve a dispute through ICDR/AAA, you feel
that your concerns about the use of your personal information have
not been resolved, you may seek resolution of the issue through
binding arbitration. For more information about the binding
arbitration process, please visit http://www.privacyshield.gov.
By participating in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the
Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, Shopify’s participating U.S.
entities are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of
the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. For more information about the
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield, please
visit https://www.privacyshield.gov. You can view Shopify’s certification
statement at https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000TNSNAA4&status=Active.

