
ASCE
 respects the privacy of our members and other visitors to our web  
site. To protect online privacy, ASCE has implemented the following  
policy, which may be amended at any time by posted amendments to this 
page. What Information Does ASCE Collect? ASCE
  collects data to better serve our members and the engineering  
profession. It is our policy to collect and store only personal  
information that our members and visitors knowingly provide. How Does ASCE Use Cookies? Cookies are small text files that may be stored on your computer, smart phone, or tablet when you access an ASCE website.  This information can be read by the ASCE website when you return to this site. ASCE uses cookies to speed up your future visits by storing preferences and log-in information you provide, and to support a better experience through tailored content. In addition, cookies provide statistical and other information to ASCE about how the website is used in order for ASCE to monitor access and use of the site, assess the effectiveness of particular content, and suggest areas for improvement.While these cookies alone do not allow ASCE to personally identify visitors to the website, information collected by ASCE cookies may be used to streamline communications with members and customers by facilitating targeted content consistent with users’ email preferences and ASCE’s privacy policy. No information collected by ASCE through cookies will be shared with third parties, except as required by law.Anonymous Information from General Users.
  ASCE does not collect personal information from users browsing our web
  site. Users to the public areas of ASCE's web site browse anonymously.
  ASCE collects aggregate data from users browsing our web site. ASCE 
uses  this information for purposes of statistical analysis of web site 
 traffic. Aggregate data are only used for internal and marketing  
purposes, and ASCE does not provide any personal identification  
information. Information from ASCE Members, Conference Registrants, and Other Customers.
  There are a number of areas in the ASCE web site where we ask for and 
 collect information about you, including personally identifiable  
information. Where we do, it is in order to serve you better, or is  
necessary to accomplish the service you are requesting. Examples include
  membership information (which may include name, address, email,  
telephone number and educational and professional experience  
information), conference and seminar registrations, security  
identifiers, shipping information, and product purchase information  
stored in online shopping carts. Membership information is used 
 in the ASCE database, which is used to generate ASCE mailing lists. 
This  includes lists provided to technical and geographical units of 
ASCE,  for example, institutes and sections. The mailing list may be 
used in  connection with informing you about ASCE services, products,  
conferences, meetings and events. Third Party Disclosure.
  ASCE does not sell or rent email addresses to anyone outside of ASCE  
and its organizational entities. From time to time, to better serve our 
 members and to supplement member dues, the ASCE mailing list, in part 
or  as a whole, is released to other engineering and carefully selected 
 third party organizations to provide you with information on technical 
 products and services related to your profession, or that we otherwise 
 believe is useful to our members. You may instruct us not to share  
information about you in the ASCE mailing list with third parties by  
indicating this preference on your membership application when you join 
 ASCE, on your renewal form when you renew your membership, or by  
notifying us at member@asce.org, or by calling us at 1-800-548-ASCE (2723). General ASCE Web Server Security. All
  of the  ASCE web servers are registered as secure servers using   
industry-standard certificate techniques. This enables all communication
   between our servers to be verified when services are requested 
between   computers. All the personal information collected from
 you on   our site, including names and addresses, is stored behind a 
"firewall,"   and defenses have been erected to seek to enhance the 
protection of  your  information from outside attack by hackers and 
curious visitors.Secure Transactions.  For 
your protection, we have taken a number of steps to maximize the  
security of financial transactions that are accepted on the ASCE web  
site. Credit Card processing is accomplished using secure processing  
services. Your entry of credit card information is encrypted when  
transmitted in secure mode. If for any reason you still feel  
uncomfortable submitting your credit card over the Internet, you can  
mail your information to us. REGARDLESS OF THE  
PRECAUTIONS TAKEN BY YOU OR BY ASCE, "PERFECT SECURITY" DOES NOT EXIST  
ON THE INTERNET. ASCE CANNOT ENSURE OR WARRANT THE SECURITY OF ANY  
INFORMATION YOU TRANSMIT TO THIS SITE OR ASCE, AND YOU TRANSMIT SUCH  
INFORMATION AT YOUR OWN RISK. What Privacy Issues Arise With Links To Other Sites? This
  web site contains links to other web sites, including third party  
organizations that provide ASCE member benefit programs. ASCE is not  
responsible for the privacy policies or content of such sites and you  
should read their terms and privacy policies before using them. Legal Compliance ASCE
  cooperates with law enforcement and other third parties to enforce  
laws. You authorize and recognize ASCE's right and intention to disclose
  any information about you to law enforcement or other government  
officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or  
appropriate, in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual 
 property infringements, or other activity that is or may be illegal or 
 may expose us, service or content providers we work with, or you to  
possible legal liability. What Means Of Redress Are Available? If
  any user suspects ASCE has handled its personal information in a 
manner  that does not comply with this Privacy Statement, please notify 
us by  email at member@asce.org or by calling 1-800-548-ASCE (2723). American Society of Civil Engineers1801 Alexander Bell DriveReston, VA 20191Phone: 1-800-548-ASCE (2723)Fax: 1-703-295-6333 

